fix(css): document `stretch` value (#35262)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/max-height/index.md

  - : Use the available space, but not more than [max-content](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/max-content), i.e. `min(max-content, max(min-content, stretch))`.
- `fit-content({{cssxref("&lt;length-percentage&gt;")}})`
  - : Uses the `fit-content` formula with the available space replaced by the specified argument, i.e. `min(max-content, max(min-content, argument))`.

> - `stretch` {{Experimental_Inline}}
>   - : Limit height of the [margin box](/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/The_box_model#parts_of_a_box) to the size of the element's [containing block](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Containing_block#identifying_the_containing_block). The `stretch` behaves as `100%` but it applies the resulting size to its margin box instead of the box indicated by [box-sizing](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/box-sizing).

Reviewer: Few nits for added clarity. Plus added an additional bit to the start of the second sentence to hopefully make the second part clearer.
```suggestion
- `stretch` {{Experimental_Inline}}
  - : Limits the maximum height of the element's [margin box](/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/The_box_model#parts_of_a_box) to the height of its [containing block](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Containing_block#identifying_the_containing_block). It attempts to make the margin box fill the available space in the containing block, so in a way behaving similar to `100%` but applying the resulting size to the margin box rather than the box determined by [box-sizing](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/box-sizing).
```

Reviewer: Similar changes can be applied to `stretch` descriptions on other pages

>   - : Limits the maximum height of the element's [margin box](/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/The_box_model#parts_of_a_box) to the height of its [containing block](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Containing_block#identifying_the_containing_block). It attempts to make the margin box fill the available space in the containing block, so in a way behaving similar to `100%` but applying the resulting size to the margin box rather than the box determined by [box-sizing](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/box-sizing).

Author: ```suggestion
  - : Limits the maximum height of the element's [margin box](/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/The_box_model#parts_of_a_box) to the height of its [containing block](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Containing_block#identifying_the_containing_block). It attempts to make the margin box fill the available space in the containing block, so in a way behaving similar to `100%` but applying the resulting size to the margin box rather than the box determined by [box-sizing](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/box-sizing).

    > [!NOTE]
    > To check aliases used by browsers for the `stretch` value and its implementation status, see the [Browser compatibility](#browser_compatibility) section.
```

- `fit-content({{cssxref("&lt;length-percentage&gt;")}})`
  - : Uses the `fit-content` formula with the available space replaced by the specified argument, i.e. `min(max-content, max(min-content, argument))`.
- `stretch` {{Experimental_Inline}}

>   - : Limits the maximum height of the element's [margin box](/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/The_box_model#parts_of_a_box) to the height of its [containing block](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Containing_block#identifying_the_containing_block). It attempts to make the margin box fill the available space in the containing block, so in a way behaving similar to `100%` but applying the resulting size to the margin box rather than the box determined by [box-sizing](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/box-sizing).

Reviewer: The Note needs to be added here
